[Doc Feature] [Update core task module docs with dialog terminology, usage][2956875] (#7853)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/task-modules-and-cards/task-modules/task-modules-tabs.md

---
title: Use dialogs in Microsoft Teams tabs
description: Learn how to invoke dialogs from Teams tabs and submit results using the Microsoft Teams client library (TeamsJS).
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.topic: how-to
---

# Use dialogs in tabs

You can add modal dialogs (formerly known as *task modules*) to your tabs to simplify the user experience for workflows that require data input. Dialogs allow you to gather user input in a Microsoft Teams-aware modal window. A good example of this is editing planner cards. You can use dialogs to create a similar experience.

> The two main operations of dialogs involve opening and closing (submitting) them. The functions are slightly different for earlier versions (prior to v.2.x.x) of the TeamsJS library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two main operations of dialogs involve opening and closing (submitting) them. The functions are slightly different for earlier versions (prior to v2.x.x) of the TeamsJS library:
```

---

The following sections explain the process of invoking a dialog from a tab and submitting the result.

## Invoke a dialog from a tab

> [!NOTE]

> > Starting with TeamsJS v.2.8.x, Adaptive Card-based dialogs are supported by the [dialog](/javascript/api/@microsoft/teams-js/dialog) namespace and the `tasks` namespace is now fully deprecated. The `tasks` namespace is still supported for backward-compatibility, however best practice is to update `tasks.startTask()` calls to `dialog.url.open` or `dialog.adaptiveCard.open` for HTML- and Adaptive Card-based dialogs, respectively. For more info, see the [dialog namespace](../../tabs/how-to/using-teams-client-library.md#dialog-namespace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with TeamsJS v2.8.x, Adaptive Card-based dialogs are supported by the [dialog](/javascript/api/@microsoft/teams-js/dialog) namespace and the `tasks` namespace is now fully deprecated. The `tasks` namespace is still supported for backward-compatibility, however best practice is to update `tasks.startTask()` calls to `dialog.url.open` or `dialog.adaptiveCard.open` for HTML- and Adaptive Card-based dialogs, respectively. For more info, see the [dialog namespace](../../tabs/how-to/using-teams-client-library.md#dialog-namespace).
```

Reviewer: The content in the line is contradicting. "the `tasks` namespace is now fully deprecated. The `tasks` namespace is still supported for backward-compatibility".

Can you please verify.

Author: Reworded it for clarity. How about this:

Starting with TeamsJS v2.8.x, the dialog namespace supports Adaptive Card-based dialogs, and thus fully replaces the functionality of the `tasks` namespace.
